what are you doing watching season four
of Game of Thrones
it is a gay hey Mike
guess where my butt is right now Oh what
gross ah no hey me Timmy Fruitopia fruit
drinks yeah in the fridge sweet thanks
man
oh crap Mike Mike I'm stuck in the chair
again the yellow chair this time the
yellow one what are you doing looking
for my keys have you seen them Amen can
you open this jar for me said all I'm
good for around here opening jars
no you only come to me when you want
something that's not true you didn't
even notice my new haircut last
Wednesday anyway so I'm swimming around
my fishbowl yeah that sounds awesome man
sounds really cool
dude third nipple
what now
hey do you have a flashlight no I do not
ooh gross dude what oh you're sick oh no
no stop reading my mind I'm not thinking
anything weird oh sure Yeah right man
you're sick I'm thinking about
applesauce sure yeah
applesauce right hey can you run to the
store for me no I can't why it'll take
you like two seconds because you didn't
even notice my new haircut Hey look I'm
a painting of a horse
you get a new haircut yes I did
oh thank you for noticing
damnit there's no internet here